Sister, you are here
Is there anything wrong with Shennong looking for me?
I have discussed with the Ye family
Your engagement ceremony with Zhen-jin is scheduled for next month
During this time
You get ready for the engagement
Our Shen family and Ye family have known each other for decades
The marriage was decided by your grandfather long ago
Zhenzhen, you have known each other since childhood
These few years
All our elders know how much I really care about you.
Humph
What about this ring?
It is a family heirloom of our Shen family
Uncle handed it over to you today.
From now on, she will be the daughter-in-law of our Shen family
Hahaha thank you uncle
The engagement ceremony is scheduled for the 18th of next month
Is it okay?